KSPM Getting-started requirements update (#2741)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cloud-native-security/get-started-with-kspm.asciidoc

[sidebar]
--
* The KSPM integration is available to all Elastic Cloud users. For on-prem deployments, it requires an https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Enterprise subscription].

> * To view posture data, ensure you have the `read` privilege to the following elasticsearch indices: \n- `logs-cloud_security_posture.findings_latest-*`\n- `logs-cloud_security_posture.scores-*`

Reviewer: I think it's also worth adding logs-cloud_security_posture.findings so they can view that index in discover (and for future history features, debugging and so on).

> * To view posture data, ensure you have the `read` privilege to the following elasticsearch indices: \n- `logs-cloud_security_posture.findings_latest-*`\n- `logs-cloud_security_posture.scores-*` \n- `logs-cloud_security_posture.findings`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To view posture data, ensure you have the `read` privilege for the following {es} indices:

- `logs-cloud_security_posture.findings_latest-*`
- `logs-cloud_security_posture.scores-*` 
- `logs-cloud_security_posture.findings`
```
